# 英语课演讲稿

1. 大致介绍一下自己的家乡，可以简单的提到多个文化方面。
2. 第二段，重点介绍某一个文化点，具体展开，仔细地介绍。
3. 第三段，来一个小小的总结，欢迎海外的朋友来自己的家乡做客。

我的家乡是广东博罗，不过我从小就在佛山长大，所以我想介绍佛山。

## 正文

​	Hello, my name is Hyong, a common student studying in the computer science college of Shanghai University of Electric Power.  It  is my pleasure to be here today to talk about my hometown .

​	 Actually, my real hometown is in Boluo,  Guangdong province, which is undeniably attractive. However,  I  grew  up in Foshan at  most of the time of my life, therefore, I have been naturally regarded as a Foshan native. Meanwhile, compare with Boluo,  I prefer to introduce Foshan to you.  

​	Foshan is reputed all over China! Even if you have never heard about Foshan, you may have hear about Whong Feihong and his unique skill: Foshan Wuying Feet! Besides, you  may also be away of Wing Chun! No long before,  ‘Ip Man 4: The Finale’ have spread all over the world, and received a warm welcome of audience. Every scenes of fight is enjoyable!What’s more, I am passionate with each punch of Donnie Yen.

​	



There is no doubt that many pictures about the compelling and  magnetic culture of  Foshan are









 , such as tea, Lion dance, Morning tea, Herbal tea and many other. Today I just want to chat the tip of the  iceberg, Wing Chun.

​	I want to chat something will make you feel amazed. ‘Cun jing’ , a important skill in this Boxing. Could you imagine that you are hit away by a fist only a few centimeters away? This is a special skill in Wing Chun. You can find some videos to learn more about it. You must have been amazing by its power.

​	If you are interested in Foshan, welcome to visit me in Foshan. Although I cannot use Kung fu to show you, you will fall in love in Foshan.

